Nintendo Wii LZ77 Compressor
Author: 
Derric McGarrah

General Information:
The LZ77 compressor is used for compression and decompression of Nintendo Wii and Gamecube..
The compressor was only tested on *.cms and *.tpl files, but should work on All Files compressed using Nintendo 
LZ77 compression. I think Nintendo has used the same algorithm for all their consoles, but I have not and will not
test this compressor on other consoles.
The LZ77 compression algortihm was adapted from Nintenlord's lz77 compressor who give
full credit for his compress and Uncompress functions

Updates and Revisions
1.10 Made compression alogrithm faster. Fixed offset size box.
1.00 Original Release

How to use:

	Compress:
	When the compress Radio Button is checked The Input info and Output info box can be used
	The Offset box accepts hex 0xdddd or decimal by not using the 0x prefix
	The Size box accepts decimal digits.
	
	
	The input offset box is the location to start compressing data -Default=0
	The output offset is the location where to place compressed data- Default=0
	The Size to compress is the amount of bytes form the input offset to look for and 
	attempt to compress data - Default=Size of the input
	
	If no commands are given  the enitre file will be compressed
	
	Uncompress:
	The Radio button for Uncompress uses only the offset boxes to uncompress data
	The size box has no barring on uncompression at at all (This make since because the you
	don't know the size of the uncompressed).
	
	The input offset box holds the location of where to look for compressed data: Default=0
	The output offset holds the location of where to place uncompressed data: Default=0
	
	If a new or empty file is given the place before the output offset is padded with zeros
	
	If no commands are given the entire file will attempt to be de-compressed

Compile: 
This program was made to be multiplatform and therefore requires use of the WxWidgets-2.9.2 or later library
to compile the source code.
CMake 2.8 or later is the needed to generate the makefile
To build a release version use the command
"cmake CMakeList.txt"
To build a debug version use the command
"cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug CMakeList.txt"

Copying: 
You may use and modify the sources of this program for whatever purpose as long as it does not involve malicious intent. I assume no responsibility for the results of any harm caused by the modification of these sources

Credits:
Nintenlord -  His source for his LZ77 compressor is mostly what makes up my compress and Uncompress functions
Nintendo Wii Hackers - That homebrew Channel is preety damn amazing, and it shows what the community can do.
Google - For leading me to so many useless implementations and LZ77 compressor, but it did lead me to Nintenlord compressor
